heart legs character multiplied every
ingredient for two and you will have a typical one
Paralympic victory hand in hand of
andrea juggles his athletic driving
annalisa minetti
wins the bronze in 1500 m 4 48 88 the
best time in its category
unlike the first two athletes e
the visually impaired analyzes and completely
blind I want today as always
pasta maker representing a movement of
people who want to be heard
view is looked at as athletes point is
extraordinary his Milanese history of
Apulian origins beautiful in 1998
take part in miss italia wears the
foolish band of misses was 22
years the disease had already affected them
the view but not the enthusiasm
shows up in sanremo comes first
experience that repeats in 2005 and also
we like it because it is radiant and people do
makes its light cross
an energy similar to that of another
athlete hired when still
he saw he had participated in the Olympics
of Beijing
today in London sets the record of
world in the launch of the 16 meters and 74 meters
that are worth an hour the first medal of the
alessandro paralimpico cycling wins
zanardi on the circle of bran sachs in the
Gold time trial after one
perfect performance is the fastest
grit and emotion on the track where
in his automotive career he did
his debut in 1991 by making a
of his eight career poles that
performance for then the jordan road
in formula 1
the time I had second time because
no excuse the first time great hand
I had done the first time but then it is
finished second in the race instead of this one
track we did the second we have
made the third I missed the step more
tall and today we have it right at home
as always I was lucky I have
then had also my moment of thrill
because it is straight from behind to the first
I went down the chain myself
I don't digest that chain
once again I believe that the
programming build things day
after day it was what he did
different but this is another
story of a champion who has speed
inside that never stops pushing
first in the car now in the specialty hand
bike and alex bolognese steering wheel now tip
the triplet after the stopwatch also the
wooden tender and then the relay race a
london 2012